Add key generation security considerations (#147)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

This recommendation should be understood as a clear and simple rule for the selection of `AES-256` for encryption.
Implementations may also make more nuanced decisions.

## Key generation

When generating keys, this specification requires component keys to be generated independently, and recommends not to reuse existing keys for any of the components.

> Note that reusing a key may create a valid message or signature in a different protocol, and reusing a key may open to subtle vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that reusing a key across different protocols may lead signature confusion vulnerabilities, that formarlly classify as signature forgeries. Generally, reusing a key for different purposes may lead to subtle vulnerabilities.
```

## Key generation

When generating keys, this specification requires component keys to be generated independently, and recommends not to reuse existing keys for any of the components.

> Note that reusing a key across different protocols may lead signature confusion vulnerabilities, that formally classify as signature forgeries. Generally, reusing a key for different purposes may lead to subtle vulnerabilities.

Reviewer 2: I think there is a "to" missing in "...may lead signature confusion vulnerabilities..."

Author: Good catch, pushed a fix
